Week 1:

Join the group. Hard learning JavaScript, React, Redux ToolKit, TypeScript in this week. Finish kitchen staff's user story, objective, 
flow diagram. Help with project's background and existing business analysis.

-- What to do next :
-- Continue contributing to the written proposal, as it will in due soon.
-- Decide dive into the actually development of frontend. Even though have learnt a lot during this week, i still has no experience with
it. Start early asap.


Week 2:

Finish select restaurant feature on Welcome Page. Finish the login part for staffs. Finish all frontend layout for Kitchen part. Waiting backend API to implement further. 
Discuss with backend members the design of database (ER diagram). Dive into third part React UI library and tried to implement.

-- What to do next:
	Looking into how frontend interacted with backend
	Discover possible usage of Redux-toolkit -- I'm unfamiliar with it and have no experience with it until now.

-- Technical obstacle:
	Third party React UI library is hard to use. There are lots of properties related with them, and manual usually doesn't introduce them in detail.

-- How to overcome:
	Be honest no idea. I google the problem if i met any, or ask our frontend part leader. The layout (UI design) of webpage requires quite a lot
	experience, i am not sure if i can handle in this short time.

Week 3:

With Taohan together, finishing sprint 1 customer's API. Added API for kitchen staffs. I believe we are already one sprint ahead the planning.
Using backend test frontend's working and debug.

-- What to do next:
	Going finish the staff's all API ( kitchen and waiters), continuous testing if any bug happened.
	Start making pages for managers.
-- Technical obstacle:
	Not yet.

Week 4:

Another week use backend and frontend together to find potential bugs and fix them. Finish main page for manager. Update kitchen staff and waiter's 
API. Decide what to do on week 5.

-- What to do next:
	Go finish frontend and backend communication for sprint2. Plus the staff member authorization and registration.

Week 5:

Finish all Sprint 2 parts, now all APIs for both kitchen staff and waiter connecting and working with backend. 
Plus the Login authorization and registration (Sprint 3). Make another manager main page, need further refactor on the page ui.

--What to do next:
	Investigate how to do react router for manager main page ( Using navigator slide bar)
-- Technical obstacle:
	Confused how to do manager main page content changing based on click different parts of navigate bar.

Week 6:

Another week fix previous bugs and continue testing with backend. 
Parts belongs to me (coding parts) are done. Perhaps have more tasks to do in future.
Take a break, got too many stuff on other courses.

--What to do next:
	After Taohan finish the left of sprint 3, will try to find and fix potential bugs existed in the system.
	Prepare the sreport sections.
	
Week 7:

Practise sprint2 demo presentation. During the demo find some existing bugs and help with fix.
Since most part of coding is done, nothing much to do. Will work on report from now on.

--What to do next:
	Report ?
 
Week 8:

Discussed some design problem related with sprint3 -- the add/remove of table/items/categories etc.
Join Retro B meeting and try to find anything to improve.
Further test current system to check any exist bugs.
Read through report requirement and decide what to do.
Not coding this week since sprint 3 is almost done with frontend work. Put time into other courses.

Week 9:

Finish table management frontend part.
Fix some previous issues in frontend.
Help with debug.
Finish parts of report the team master assigned to me

--What to do Next:
	Monday Report Final Demo
	Further check frontend to see any improvemnts.
	Finish final report


